So our application is taking shape here.
Now one thing that of course is not working as it should is if we reload on that does cover page we're
not fetching any places because right now we're only using our fetch places method here which we added
in the plays a service on the off page.
Of course we should use stayed on our pages to basically on all the pages where we need all places and
that of course would be our discover page as well.
So let's go to the Discover page there.
We already inject the places service we set up to subscription here and enjoin in it which of course
is fine but just as before I want to add I and view will enter here to also use the places service here
to call fetch places and then subscribe to that and justice before we can then use it is loading property
here is loading falls to show us better.
So an I and you will enter all set is loading to true.
And then here and is functioning past the subscribe I set is loading back to FALSE and as a side note
of course you can refine the application to check whether you already have data loaded and in that case
you might not want to show a spinner and fetch new data invisibly in the background and only showed
a spinner if you have no data yet that is all possible here.
I will use a simpler approach.
I will simply add were set to this property whenever we start fetching data and we do start fetching
data whenever it is view is about to become visible and in the template of the Discover page.
I therefore can use is loading to show a spinner.
So my idea here is to always show these segments here.
Let's say but then you're in the grid whereas show there are no book about places right now.
That is nice.
But first of all I also want to check if is loading is not true.
So if not is loading and then that condition should be met.
So I'll wrap this in brackets.
So if we're not loading and we have no places then I want to show this message or if we're not loading
and this condition is met then I want to show the places otherwise I'll add a new grid here let's say
and there I will use the same size clauses as before and also centering here I will show my iron spinner
with a color off primary and doesn't hire a grid up here will only be shown if is loading is true and
of course is up to you if you use energy if on the grid on a row on a column whatever basically suits
the rest of the structure you have in place.
So with that changed it is reloads.
We now see the spinner and we're good.
And now of course when I go to offer and they go back I see that's been wrong again and that is what
I meant you could of course change to code such that you only showed the spinner if no data has been
loaded before whatever suits your needs and however you want to have this in your application.